align and caption (#40)
sphinx-contrib/video: docs/quickstart.rst

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :class: video-bordered

Alignment: 

.. code-block:: rst

    .. video:: _static/video.mp4
        :align: left

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :align: left

.. code-block:: rst

    .. video:: _static/video.mp4
        :align: center

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :align: center

.. code-block:: rst

    .. video:: _static/video.mp4
        :align: right

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :align: right

For consistency with previous versions, which not support align, the default value of align 'left' when the it is not set.

> If you want to use the 'default' defined by theme, you need to, manually, set it to 'default':

Author: default: <not setted>  = left
however, setting to 'default' = <the default in theme>
The puzzling word 'default'.

Or no longer required to be consistent with the previous versions?

Author: sphinx_book_theme, pydata_sphinx_theme

Author: Please decide default alignment: follow past versions, or let the theme control?
 Once determined and modified you can merge.

Reviewer: The one you coded fits very well with the past version let's keep it

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :class: video-bordered

Alignment: 

.. code-block:: rst

    .. video:: _static/video.mp4
        :align: left

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :align: left

.. code-block:: rst

    .. video:: _static/video.mp4
        :align: center

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :align: center

.. code-block:: rst

    .. video:: _static/video.mp4
        :align: right

.. video:: _static/video.mp4
    :align: right

> For consistency with previous versions, which not support align, the default value of align 'left' when the it is not set.
> If you want to use the 'default' defined by theme, you need to, manually, set it to 'default':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For consistency with previous versions, which not support align, the default value of align is set to `left` when nothing is set.
If you want to use the alignment defined by your theme, you need to, manually, set it to `default`:
```
